Before we dive into saying look there is one key difference I have to mention compared to the two frameworks
we covered before there we always started in as Fedele kind of showing how you can drop it into any
existing HVM Ellen Page.
You could do that though for the future.
Yes.
And we actually just simply grab two imports from a CD and in our case throw them into a page and start
using the framework on that page and therefore that could be one of many pages in your application.
Now angular is a bit different.
Engler is a framework which allows you to create single page applications and it is really great at
this.
However you when we have a look at multi page faults take applications and you one of frill angler into
one of your single pages.
It's not so great at that.
And actually that's just not one of the main floor.
So if that is the use case you're looking for you have an existing application using node or BHP or
any server side language and you render a couple of views to the user.
Angular is probably not your right choice because with that you really only create single page applications.
Part of that is that with an user or to create an angular app you need quite a complex set up since
angler a typescript a superset to javascript and therefore it's not that easy it's not just one import
you add and then you can start using angular.
So that is the reason why it might not be your number one choice.
If you look for the average use case having multiple pages but for single page applications it's an
awesome framework.
So let's dive into it.